Adding build systems section (#244)
micro-ROS/micro-ROS.github.io: _docs/concepts/build_system/external_build_systems/index.md

---
title: External Build Systems
permalink: /docs/concepts/build_system/external_build_systems/
---

> Once you have read about the oficial[ **micro_ros_setup** tool](/docs/concepts/build_system/), this page will present some other approaches for building micro-ROS as a module or component integrated in other build systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have read about the official[ **micro_ros_setup** tool](/docs/concepts/build_system/), this page will present some other approaches for building micro-ROS as a module or component integrated into other build systems.
```

> Once you have read about the official[ **micro_ros_setup** tool](/docs/concepts/build_system/), this page will present some other approaches for building micro-ROS as a module or component integrated into other build systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have read about the official [**micro_ros_setup** tool](/docs/concepts/build_system/), this page will present some other approaches for building micro-ROS as a module or component integrated into other build systems.
```

## micro-ROS component for ESP-IDF

The [micro-ROS component for ESP-IDF](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_espidf_component) allows to integrate micro-ROS as a component in an Espressif ESP-IDF Build System. This component allows the user to integrate the micro-ROS API and utilities in an already created ESP-IDF project just by cloning or copying a folder. 

> Configuration of the micro-ROS library is based on the `colcon.meta` file. For more details visit the [Github repository](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_espidf_component).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configuration of the micro-ROS library is based on the `colcon.meta` file. For more details visit the [Git repository](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_espidf_component).
```

Either just Git or GitHub with correct capitalization, but I would avoid the name GitHub here.

> The procedure for configuring the built micro-ROS library is based in `colcon.meta`. For more details visit the [Github repository](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_espidf_component).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration of the micro-ROS library is based on the `colcon.meta` file. For more details visit the [Github repository](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_espidf_component).
```

## micro-ROS module for Zephyr

> The [micro-ROS module for Zephyr](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_zephyr_module) allows to integrate micro-ROS as a module in a Zephyr RTOS project. This component allows the user to integrate the micro-ROS API and utilities in an already created Zephyr RTOS project just by cloning or copying a folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [micro-ROS module for Zephyr](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_zephyr_module) allows to integrate micro-ROS as a module in a Zephyr-based project. In detail, it enables to integrate the micro-ROS API and utilities in an existing Zephyr project just by cloning or copying a folder.
```

> The procedure for configuring the built micro-ROS library is based in `colcon.meta`. For more details visit the [Github repository](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_espidf_component).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The procedure for configuring the built micro-ROS library is based in `colcon.meta`. For more details visit the [Git repository](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_espidf_component).
```

## micro-ROS for Arduino

> The [micro-ROS for Arduino](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_arduino) support package is a special port of micro-ROS provided as a set of precompiled libraries for specific platforms. The main reason of this approach is that Arduino does not allow the build of a complex library such as micro-ROS, so by using this solution a ready-to-use solution is provided to the Arduino users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [micro-ROS for Arduino](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_arduino) support package is a special port of micro-ROS provided as a set of precompiled libraries for specific platforms. The main reason for this approach is that Arduino does not allow the build of a complex library such as micro-ROS, so by using this approach a ready-to-use solution is provided to the Arduino users.
```

> Along with this support package there are [detailed instructions](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_arduino#how-to-build-the-precompiled-library) for rebuilding the micro-ROS for Arduino libraries for users that need to tune the default configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with this support package, there are [detailed instructions](https://github.com/micro-ROS/micro_ros_arduino#how-to-build-the-precompiled-library) for rebuilding micro-ROS for Arduino libraries for users that need to tune the default configuration.
```
